Red Team vs Blue Team:
	Term orginated in the military
	Red Team acts as the enemy forces, while the Blue Team acts as the defenders

Defence in Depth:
	Idea was for defensive positions to be prepared at several locations
	In cybersecurity describes defending a system through several independent measures
	Some layers should be preventative, but some should also focus on detecting a breach
	Weakest approach is to defend all systems equally
	Best approach is to identify critical assets which should have the heaviest protections built around them
	Where certain risk factors cannot be mitigated, workarounds should be found

Risk Management:
	Risk is the likelihood of an attack multiplied by the pontential impact of the breach
	Three areas of risk:
		Confidentiality: Access to systems should only be shared amongst authorised persons or organisations
		Integrity: Systems should be accurate, trustworthy, and complete
		Availability: The system should be accessible when needed

Critical Security Controls:
	1. Inventory of Authorised and Unauthorised Devices: Manage, inventory, track, and correct all hardware devices on the network so only authorised devices are given access
	2. Inventory of Authorised and Unauthorised Software:
	3. Secure Configurations for Hardware and Software:
	4. Continuous Vunerability Assessment and Remediation:
	5. Controled use of Administrative Privileges:
	6. Maintenance, Monitoring, and Analysis of Log Files:
	7. Email and Web Browser Protections:
	8. Malware Defences:
	9. Limitation and Control of Network Ports, Protocols and Services:
	10.Data Recovery Capability:
	11. Secure Configurations for Network Devices such as Firewalls, Routers, and Switches
	12. Boundary Defence: 
	13. Data Protection:
	14. Controlled Access Based on the Need to Know:
	15. Wireless Access Control:
	16. Access Monitoring and Control:
	17. Security Skills Assessment and Appropriate Training to Fill Gaps:
	18. Application Software Security:
	19. Incident Response and Management:
	20. Penetration Tests and Red Team Exercises:

Stages of an Attack:
	1. Reconnaissance:
		Attacker picks the target and finds out as much information about the target as possible
		By the end of this phase, the attacker should have an acccurate network map of any exposed services, a thorough understanding of the company and a list of likely hardware and software vendors in use on the internal network
	2. Intial Exploitation:
		Attackers goal is to gain a foothold on the network.
		Looking at exposed network services, the  attacker will attempt to exploit any known vulnerabilities, may also discover new vulnerabilities.
		Alternative ways include social engineering
		By the end of this phase the attacker will have a presence on the network, but won't be able to maintain access over long periods of tiem
	3. Establish Persistence & Escalate Privileges:
		The attacker will want to maintain their access to the system and elevate their privilege level if necessary.
		Could mean dropping a backdoor onto the system or finding some credentials to provide legitimate acess to the system
		Attacker may need to exploit another service to gain access to an administrative account
		By the end of this stage the attacker should have administrative access and be able to re-connect to the system at will
	4. Move Laterally:
		Attacker will try to spread from their intial foothold through to the rest of the network to achieve their goal
		Unlikely that the intial foothold will contain the data the attacker needs
		Attacker must spread through the network to reach key systems
		By the end of this stage, the attacker will be on the key system that holds his end goal
	5. Exfiltration
		At this stage, the attcker will be trying to exfiltrate whatever data they were seeking	
		By the end of this stage the hacker has one
